Fix CSS Module Template link (#17)
w3c/csswg-wiki: spec/index.md

- [GitHub Workflow](https://w3c.github.io/workflow.html) for editors and other contributors
- [bikeshed](/tools/bikeshed/) --- generating `Overview.html` from `Overview.bs` (auto-generating section numbers, indices, cross-links, and other mundane things).  (Or here's a guide for the [older processor](/tools/spec-processor/).)

> - [CSS Module Template](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-module/) — for starting new specs (and formatting old ones)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS Module Template](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/blob/main/css-module/Overview.bs) — for starting new specs (and formatting old ones)
```

…otherwise, if you instead use that `https://drafts.csswg.org/css-module/` URL, with the filename removed the, how can anybody figure out the actual template is a Bikeshed file, and where it is?

Author: By following the link below "Suggest an Edit for this Spec"? (which is incorrect though, as well as the `ED` link in the bikeshed file, which means no one could figure out where the rendered template can be previewed)

As long as the link is not a 404, I do not really care tbh. Please let me know what you think is best, or feel free to directly apply it. ^^

Reviewer: Not being a potential user of the link myself, I don’t feel like I’m the right person for evaluating what it ideally should be pointing to. So I added review requests for others who’d seem to have a better idea of it than me.

> - [CSS Module Template](http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-module/) --- for starting new specs (and formatting old ones)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS Module Template](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-module/Overview.bs) — for starting new specs (and formatting old ones)
```
